[MUSIC]
In this video, you're going to hear some
of our PWC professionals have applied data
and analytics to address
business challenges.
Including identifying
growth opportunities, and
driving customer engagement
to operate more efficiently.
While you watch this video consider how
organizations can use data and analytics.
This can be helpful to you when you engage
on the discussion boards with other
learners following this video.
>> Big data projects can be accomplished
in two to three months, and
I'll give you an example.
We had a content provider client
that wanted to know more about
the effectiveness of placement of their
content within web storefronts and what
was driving customer behaviors to go view
that content and purchase that content.
We're able to do that
analysis using big data and
analytics to show what customer behavior
was, what preferences there were,
and where that placement could drive
more customers to make purchases.
In addition to that finding,
the answer that we came back with beget
more questions, and that spawned a couple
of other initiatives within the company.
We had a client in the communications
industry that has the ability to
distinguish viewing patterns
of their customers.
And what they wanted to do was
track what's called pathing, and
following customers as they go from
channel to channel to understand,
how do I optimize my advertising
by making sure that the right
segments get hit with those messages.
The complexity of trying to figure out the
behavior of all of my customers quantified
by all the channels and content that I
offer becomes a little bit mind-boggling.
But if you plot that into some sort of
visual representation on neural net
if you will, which shows the connection
points, the highest probability connection
points between say news channel and
lifestyle channels.
You start to understand and appreciate
the demographics, where they go and
how do I target my advertising to
reach those people more effectively.
>> There are a lot of new ways
that companies are using the so
called big data technology and
new sources of data.
Let me give an example, there's a very
rich, very large beverage company, and
traditionally what they had done in
terms of stocking up supplies with
the retailers was essentially
looking at what was the past demand,
and based on the past demand,
they would essentially stock up the shelf.
Of course, they'll adjust it for
seasonal variations.
Some are winter and different days,
so they would do that.
That's the way they were stocking out.
And the issue was they had
a substantial stock problem.
In other words, when a person comes to the
store they can't find the specific brand
of beverage that they wanted.
So they might have the overall brand but
they may not have a light version or
they may not have the right flavor.
So they're always running into stock.
And they did an exercise to
find out what the stock was and
it was a substantial number.
So what this particular organization did,
and they came to us,
and they had a number of people with
internally who were crunching through
a lot of algorithms to find the right
optimal solution for stocking but
none of that had actually included
interesting data from the external world.
In fact, real time data,
real time data about other,
is there a football match happening in
the vicinity of where these retailers are?
What is the temperature
on a particular given day
when that football match was happening?
Taking into consideration
all of those leads to
substantial variations in how we
want to stack up various retailers.
And also they were able to do that in
a way that was able to combine that
information but also disseminate the
information in a way that a normal person,
a retailer, in a normal mom and
pop shop could actually use that data.
So we help them bring in data
literally on a smartphone,
and very simple ways of telling
them how much they should
be stocking and
how often they should be stocking.
And this is something which we
call intelligence at the moment.
In other words, there is no point in
having all of the fantastic analytics
happen in the head office where
you're generating those insights.
They are not that useful if it doesn't
make it's way on the shop floor,
as in this particular
instance had the retailer.
And the retailers are not
statistical PhDs, so
you need to tell in a way that they can
understand and they can input the values.
So that's what we were able to do.
>> You just heard two examples of data and
analytics were applied to address
real life business challenges.
Think about these examples and
spend some time with your fellow learners
discussing data in action
on the discussion board.
[MUSIC]